
- Some of important links:
	1. Tailwind css			->	 https://tailwindcss.com/docs/flex
	2. NextJS 				->	 https://nextjs.org/docs
	3. shadsc/ui (ui-components)	->	 https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/button
	4. Clerk (auth)			->	 https://clerk.com/docs/references/nextjs/overview
	5. Stream (audio/video)	->	 https://getstream.io/video/sdk/react/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=javascriptmastery


## NextJS - Route Groups
	- Added (auth) and (root) folders w/ parathesis into /app/ : this is NextJS concept "Route Groups".
	- In app dir nested folders are normally mapped to url paths, however we can mark a folder route group to prevent that folder from getting included in url path.
	- With these we can organize the route segments and project files.
	
## NextJS - Dynamic routes
	- [id] ie. folder w/ sq. paranthesis makes that 'id' a dynamic route.
	- we can share the data w/ this an also extract their values as parameters.
	
## NextJS -> 'use client' directive
	- It describe that, the component using this is used to write the interactive UI ie. that component is client side rendered.
	- This UI code is prerendered on the sever and can use client JS to run in the browser.
	- Benefits : 
		1. Interactivity : useState, effects, event listners ie. immeditate feedback to user and update the UI.
		2. Browser API : Client components have access to browser APIs like geolocation or localStorage.

## 	NextJS -> layout.txt, page.tsx
	- Layout.tsx provides the ability to structure a template along with an location {children} where the children route/component's pages are loaded on web page.
	- Page.tsx, its an main template page that contains the tsx code to show on page, which is imported in place of {children} in layout.tsx
	


## Clerk -> SignIn 
	
	
	
	